README.md, before:

# orientation-ng
Next generation orientation engine running in browsers.

The goal of this project is to port the long-existing (a.k.a. crappy) [Flash-based orientation engine](https://github.com/WorldIsMonkey/orientation-lts) to browsers in order to achieve maximum portability, maintainability and expandability using latest web technologies.

This project has been iceboxed as nobody is working on it.

## TODO
- [ ] Structure
- [ ] Multiple choice
- [ ] True or False
- [ ] Short Answer
- [ ] Mosaic
- [ ] Mask
- [ ] Music/Video
- [ ] CSS `// I really don't want to do this and I hope someone else can take it`
- [ ] Fast responder `// need a PoC. May need a backend server and WebSocket`
- [ ] Live score board `// same as above`

## API
A content delivery API is included in the [orientation-drupal](https://github.com/WorldIsMonkey/orientation-drupal) project.

To retrieve the JSON output of each question type, you can `GET` the following endpoints:
```
/jsonapi/node/multiple_choice
/jsonapi/node/short_answer
/jsonapi/node/true_or_false
/jsonapi/node/mosaic
/jsonapi/node/mask
/jsonapi/node/music
```
Note that for fields with uploaded files (e.g. image, audio, video), a second API call to the URL in `links.related` is needed to get the actual URL of the file.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

restart the project and starting work on the navigation page

README.md, after:

# orientation-ng
Next generation orientation engine running in browsers.

The goal of this project is to port the long-existing (a.k.a. crappy) [Flash-based orientation engine](https://github.com/WorldIsMonkey/orientation-lts) to browsers in order to achieve maximum portability, maintainability and expandability using latest web technologies.

This project is restarted, Shouyu and Joe will work on it, maybe there will be another person.

## TODO
- [ ] Structure
- [ ] Multiple choice
- [ ] True or False
- [ ] Short Answer
- [ ] Mosaic
- [ ] Mask
- [ ] Music/Video
- [ ] CSS `// I really don't want to do this and I hope someone else can take it`
- [ ] Fast responder `// need a PoC. May need a backend server and WebSocket`
- [ ] Live score board `// same as above`

## API
A content delivery API is included in the [orientation-drupal](https://github.com/WorldIsMonkey/orientation-drupal) project.

we might construct a new version of these in the future.

To retrieve the JSON output of each question type, you can `GET` the following endpoints:
```
/jsonapi/node/multiple_choice
/jsonapi/node/short_answer
/jsonapi/node/true_or_false
/jsonapi/node/mosaic
/jsonapi/node/mask
/jsonapi/node/music
```
Note that for fields with uploaded files (e.g. image, audio, video), a second API call to the URL in `links.related` is needed to get the actual URL of the file.

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```
